# Medical-Store-Inventory-System-in-CPP
Medicines are one of the important factors that are necessary to cure a person’s diseases. “Prevention is better than cure” is one of the famous proverbs. Taking precautionary measures before getting suffered from the dreadful diseases is very important. The medicines are required when you do not follow this famous saying. Due to the delay of the medicines, there are chances that the person might even loose his life. To solve all these problems, the medical store system plays a major role. The medical store inventory system helps to maintain and keep the medicines in the medical store in the proper place. When you need a particular medicine, you can get to know the exact location of that particular medicine that you are searching for. Project title is Medical Store Inventory System in CPP.The features that can be included in the medical store inventory system are as follows:  Medicines database management: The details of the medicines that are present in the medical store can be managed in a well organized way through the use of this application. Stock availability: The stocks of the particular medicines in the medical store can also be updated through the use of this application. Location: The exact location as to where the particular medicine is present in the medical store can be got through the use of this application. Supplier database management: The details of the suppliers who supply the medicines can be managed through the use of this application. Bills: The bills for the medicines that is purchased by the customers can be generated through this application. Customer database management: The details of the customers like name, address, medicines purchased and many other details can be maintained through this application. Employee database management: The details of the employees who work in the particular medical store can also be managed through this application.
